All right so we are at our see a mess right here and I took a break of one hour I think and I deleted
some cookies in my other desktop window and I do a couple of things and it just log me out.
All right.
Well that's normal.
All right so if you find yourself that you turn on your computer you can come back and you are logged
now.
That's normal.
Use your session just ended.
All right so make sure you go and log in again.
All right.
Perfect.
Now we are here the ad men but this looks too small right here to fix this.
All right.
So what is going on in our coeditor.
And let's go to admin for Slash in this.
And here are the when at bottom.
In this day right here we need to fix this with right here of 900 page sales too.
And you're going to put two cords there single quotes and you're going to say all right that's you fix
it up.
Let's check it out.
And as you can see here a fixed it up a little bit.
All right let's also take of this company performance and all of that out there since we don't know
that information there.
And this information should be right here.
I'm just going to leave it blank.
Let the subtitle blank also and anything else that we need to just go ahead and check it out now refresh.
We don't have any other information there right.
We're going to keep cleaning up this as we go.
Well right now we need to take up some of these data and convert it into a dynamic data.
Right.
So let's go here and what we're going to do is when I take all this out here or this way I leave this
column right here this one.
And let's take all these values out of there.
We've got to leave two values.
Let's take all these values there and we lived two values here.
Also let me make this bigger so you can see what I'm doing right here.
All right.
All we're doing is cleaning up a little bit here and here I just come.
There it is blank and I'm just going to call this counter here count and we can just put data right
here.
This is just a column right.
And
there we go.
And this all we can use called Polk's just to pass a placeholder so you can see what we are doing.
Let's go here and refresh.
And as you can see right now if I pull my mouse over he says polls and he says count one thousand one
K..
All right.
So we're going to be using this but we've got to run this through loop so that when we get many of these
charts right here right when we need to start our query so that we can loop through an array and display
all these data right here.
All right.
So we need to also clean this hour right here actually.
I think that's fine we just have count right here that's good.
Let's check it out a little bit and see if we can find something else wrong with it.
And then we can go ahead and take it out again remember this is javascript right.
Most everything here is javascript.
I have a course in javascript so you're welcome to check that out.
All right.
I have good prices sometimes I have the courses free so you can also check that out.
If it's not free it is in good price.
All right so our data looks good here.
And I'm just organizing a little bit here.
Moved this one here and I'm doing this by selecting it and pressing command in my right bracket close
to the enter key.
And if you are in Windows you can use press control and then select the everything press control and
then the right Bracher left bracket to move it.
All right.
So all I'm doing is cleaning up a little bit here.
Want to make sure that this is a little organized there right.
Right.
So I think this looks good.
All right we're ready to be doing some BHB and we're going to be doing a feature right here.
All right.
All right so let's open our tags.
And we're going to be doing some ph be right here if I can get this.
There we go.
It looks a lot better now.
OK.
So we are ready to go.
All right Peach for you right here.
Anyway I'm going to leave this for the next lecture because I think we already ran a four or five minutes
here.
Well the next lecture we're going to write PH BE we're going to make this dynamic the is dynamic and
they count the counts of the pulls dynamics all right because we have to play we have to do to race.
All right and well anyway you're going to see what I'm doing in the next lecture is going to be awesome
is going to be cool if you are here with me.
You're doing great.
Keep it up.
Don't give up the next election is going to be awesome All right.
Take care I see you the next one.